README.md, before:

### daydin14

I ate pork?

I said we would move to Florida.

I said to Michael weak.

I said I good at drinking?
___
<div align="center">
	
⚡ Build - Install - Troubleshoot - Code - Create - Operate - Refactor - Manage ⚡ <br/>

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="40" align="left"/>
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=daydin14&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="GitHub-Profile-Views" align="right"/>

<div align="right">
	
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-daydin14-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daydin14/)

</div>

### Hello! My name is <a href="https://daydin14.github.io">David Aydın.</a>
</div>

<p align="center">
	In my free time, I like to build new computers, play golf, and continue learning. <br/> A fun fact about me would be that I am a triplet.
</p>

<div align="right">

### Currently Playing / Last Played on Spotify
[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=oslr662fp5lh5bnyrfbzmcuyt&cover_image=true&theme=novatorem&show_offline=true&background_color=121212&interchange=true&bar_color=ff0000&bar_color_cover=false)](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=oslr662fp5lh5bnyrfbzmcuyt&redirect=true)
</div>

___
<br />

<div align="left">
	<a href="https://app.daily.dev/daydin14">
		<img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/f1304e48610b467b86595027ce24aceb.png?r=k2q" title="My Daily.Dev" alt="My Daily.Dev Card" height="400" alt="David's Dev Card" align="left" />
	</a>
  
<div align="right">
	
![daydin14's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=daydin14&show_icons=true&theme=bear)
  		
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=daydin14&layout=compact&theme=bear)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

</div>

<br />

___

<div align="center">
	
### :hammer_and_wrench: Skills, Languages, and Tools :hammer_and_wrench: 

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" title="Slack" alt="Slack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/trello/trello-plain.svg" title="Trello" alt="Trello" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="Figma" alt="Figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" title="Postman" alt="Postman" width="40px" height="40px"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="vsCode" alt="vsCode" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/azure/azure-original-wordmark.svg" title="Azure" alt="Azure" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" title="MarkDown" alt="MarkDown" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/external-tal-revivo-shadow-tal-revivo/344/external-netlify-a-cloud-computing-company-that-offers-hosting-and-serverless-backend-services-for-static-websites-logo-shadow-tal-revivo.png" title="Netlify" alt="Netlify" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/google/google-original.svg" title="Google" alt="Google" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain-wordmark.svg" title="FireBase" alt="FireBase" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" title="npm" alt="npm" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;	
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original-wordmark.svg" title="BootStrap" alt="BootStrap" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" title="MaterialUI" alt="MaterialUI" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" title="Tailwind" alt="Tailwind" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" title="Mongo" alt="Mongo" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/babel/babel-original.svg" title="Babel" alt="Babel" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" title="TypeScript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/d3js/d3js-original.svg" title="D3js" alt="D3js" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" title="Webpack" alt="Webpack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" title="C-Sharp" alt="C#" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/blazor/blazor-original.svg" title="Blazor" alt="Blazor" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nuget/nuget-original.svg" title="NuGet" alt="NuGet" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/dotnetcore/dotnetcore-original.svg" title="DotnetCore" alt="DotnetCore" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" title="Dotnet" alt="Dotnet" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL"  alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/django/django-plain.svg" title="Django" alt="Django" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PSQL" alt="PSQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  
</div>

Commit message:

Update README with additional comments and formatting

README.md, after:

### daydin14

I ate pork?

I said we would move to Florida.

I said to Michael weak.

I said I good at drinking?

Raymond said he is not good with drinks.
___
<div align="center">
	
⚡ Build - Install - Troubleshoot - Code - Create - Operate - Refactor - Manage ⚡ <br/>

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="40" align="left"/>
<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=daydin14&style=flat-square&color=blue" alt="GitHub-Profile-Views" align="right"/>

<div align="right">
	
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-daydin14-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daydin14/)

</div>

### Hello! My name is <a href="https://daydin14.github.io">David Aydın.</a>
</div>

<p align="center">
	In my free time, I like to build new computers, play golf, and continue learning. <br/> A fun fact about me would be that I am a triplet.
</p>

<div align="right">

### Currently Playing / Last Played on Spotify
[![spotify-github-profile](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=oslr662fp5lh5bnyrfbzmcuyt&cover_image=true&theme=novatorem&show_offline=true&background_color=121212&interchange=true&bar_color=ff0000&bar_color_cover=false)](https://spotify-github-profile.kittinanx.com/api/view?uid=oslr662fp5lh5bnyrfbzmcuyt&redirect=true)
</div>

___
<br />

<div align="left">
	<a href="https://app.daily.dev/daydin14">
		<img src="https://api.daily.dev/devcards/f1304e48610b467b86595027ce24aceb.png?r=k2q" title="My Daily.Dev" alt="My Daily.Dev Card" height="400" alt="David's Dev Card" align="left" />
	</a>
  
<div align="right">
	
![daydin14's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=daydin14&show_icons=true&theme=bear)
  		
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=daydin14&layout=compact&theme=bear)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

</div>

</div>

<br />

___

<div align="center">
	
### :hammer_and_wrench: Skills, Languages, and Tools :hammer_and_wrench: 

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original-wordmark.svg" title="Git" alt="Git" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/slack/slack-original.svg" title="Slack" alt="Slack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/trello/trello-plain.svg" title="Trello" alt="Trello" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="Figma" alt="Figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" title="Postman" alt="Postman" width="40px" height="40px"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" title="vsCode" alt="vsCode" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/azure/azure-original-wordmark.svg" title="Azure" alt="Azure" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/markdown/markdown-original.svg" title="MarkDown" alt="MarkDown" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.icons8.com/external-tal-revivo-shadow-tal-revivo/344/external-netlify-a-cloud-computing-company-that-offers-hosting-and-serverless-backend-services-for-static-websites-logo-shadow-tal-revivo.png" title="Netlify" alt="Netlify" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/google/google-original.svg" title="Google" alt="Google" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/firebase/firebase-plain-wordmark.svg" title="FireBase" alt="FireBase" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="HTML5" alt="HTML" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-plain-wordmark.svg"  title="CSS3" alt="CSS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="JavaScript" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/npm/npm-original-wordmark.svg" title="npm" alt="npm" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;	
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original-wordmark.svg" title="BootStrap" alt="BootStrap" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/materialui/materialui-original.svg" title="MaterialUI" alt="MaterialUI" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" title="Tailwind" alt="Tailwind" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original-wordmark.svg" title="Mongo" alt="Mongo" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" title="Express" alt="Express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" title="React" alt="React" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" title="NodeJS" alt="NodeJS" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/babel/babel-original.svg" title="Babel" alt="Babel" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" title="TypeScript" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/d3js/d3js-original.svg" title="D3js" alt="D3js" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" title="Webpack" alt="Webpack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;

  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" title="C-Sharp" alt="C#" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/blazor/blazor-original.svg" title="Blazor" alt="Blazor" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nuget/nuget-original.svg" title="NuGet" alt="NuGet" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/dotnetcore/dotnetcore-original.svg" title="DotnetCore" alt="DotnetCore" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/dot-net/dot-net-original.svg" title="Dotnet" alt="Dotnet" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL"  alt="MySQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" title="Python" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/django/django-plain.svg" title="Django" alt="Django" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" title="PSQL" alt="PSQL" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  
</div>
